hey guys this is what email and I'm here
to bring you some more battlefield bad
company 2 gameplay and commentary I
don't know why just pointed the screen
you don't even know I just pointed at
the screen but it did anyways this will
be on bail bail Perez oh well screw it
it's the V jungle I don't know how to
pronounce it so we're going to be on
their jungle and I'm going to be the be
defending the first and second base for
this video and basically I want to show
you guys how I like to approach this
this map in how I go about it so I like
to chill here I noticed little campy but
I like to chill here on this little I
don't even know nuk nuk a cave now
really cave and chill out but before I
sophomore I wanted to talk about the two
guys i took out earlier that we're by
the water um yeah if you're gonna be by
the water don't go in the water because
when you're splashing and playing and
frolicking in it it makes a lot of noise
so I knew exactly they were by the agua
or the ocean or sea whatever it is and
took them out pretty easily so my advice
to you if you're by the agua get away
from the agua yeah totes totes mcgoats
anyways I kind of made a mistake here I
allowed my allies to or I trusted that
my eyelids would take defuse the bomb as
some might say and I was I was mistaken
they were incompetent and I I was
foolish to believe that they could they
could handle the task you know you
should never rely on your allies to
actually do anything you should just do
it yourself I mean that's that's that's
definitely some good advice because yeah
they aren't gonna do what you want them
to do so movement back on over to my
camp spot the reason why I like to camp
here is because well obviously it's a
great spot to protect me from both the
wind and rain but other than that it's a
great it has great line of sight on both
the left side and in the road and a
little bit on the right side it's
basically like a very friendly octopus
you know it's just gotta tannin
everything oh what a great metaphor
material what agreement afore you should
should probably stop you should
you should probably stop anyways the
another reason why I like this spot is
because right there you can jump up on
to that day a little plateau it's more
like rock but anyways you can jump on up
there and get a couple of kills uh that
little maneuver has definitely saved me
numerous times and got Mikhail's
numerous times the reason or not the
reason how we perform this little
maneuver is it's actually a little hard
it took me a while to figure it out I
did them accident notes like oh that's
easy it's not but the way you do it is
you basically have to cozy and up to the
rock and hug it and then sprint and jump
right before you get to the the ledge
like I said it's pretty it's pretty hard
I just failed like three times in front
of you which is pretty pathetic I'm
still trying to get used to it and that
guy was just absolutely terrible but
anyways I would recommend learning how
to do that maneuver because I feel like
a big part of battlefield bad company 2
is being able to move around the map
effectively and quickly to be able to
get those kills plank and that is just
one way to do it so my next thing I want
to talk about and like I was talking
about earlier is it's not as big as in
modern warfare 2 where you know
footsteps are super loud but you can
still use sound to your advantage and if
you listen carefully if I have a music
lab or the sound loud enough for you
guys you could hear this guy just pump
it away with a giant mg I think it's
called or I think it's empty but anyways
so I was able to easily take him out
because I knew he was there because the
sound and so yeah just basically use the
tools that are at your disposal and use
it effectively all right to finish off
this video I will be defending the
second base on the V jungle and i will
be using the m60 lmg please do not flame
me I realize this weapon is pretty
overpowered and cheesy and all that jazz
but I'm basically just using it for the
extra extra juice it's get behind it I
know this is hypocritical and my
apologies so my perks that i am using
are the two that increase the
effectiveness of my med packs basically
i'm using the
to perk so I that I can defend this
position for a long period of time and
basically to regen any attack that comes
my way so the reason why this place is
fairly effective at defending this point
is the fact that the enemy kind of
thinks that this is out in the open and
they don't really expect anyone to be
here but on all and all actuality it is
a very well defended defensive point
because of these barriers in front of me
and you get great line of sight on both
the road and the rock area and anyone
that basically goes for the point is
going to get mowed down like right there
but like all good points they do have
their weaknesses and the weakness for
this one is the lighthouse to the left
if any snipers get in or recon I'm sorry
get into the lighthouse it's you're not
going to last very long and you'll
probably have to move over here like I
am now but you're gonna you're gonna get
taken out pretty quickly so as long as
there's no snipers in there yield it's a
great spot but i think this wraps up
this video i hope you guys have enjoyed
it but this is material and take it easy
everyone